[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ALAN STEINFELD: I want to
introduce my colleagues here,
Dr. Desiree Hurtak Dr.
JJ Hurtak, the founders
of the Academy for
Future Science, which
includes linguistic
archeology, ultraterrestrials
and ancient civilizations.
So they travel the world,
trying to connect the dots
into the higher consciousness
of the human being,
and it's been my
honor and pleasure
to travel with them at times
and look into their world.
Because they are nonstop--
they are doing it all the time.
There's no vacation.
There's no rest
for these people.
They are on target all the
time, and it's great to see.
>>JJ HURTAK: So if you
look at the exhibit,
you can see the non-stop
grid of consciousness spread
over Mother Earth.
This is the pushing
of the envelope
of where we are in the
present scheme of things
and the realization that we
must take one step beyond where
most cosmologists are, whether
it's [INAUDIBLE],, Wendy
Freedman, many of the others
who look at the singular
structure of the cosmos.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And so
what we're really doing here
is activating the grid.
And that's what we
wanted to show here,
because we're going to close
with a very powerful meditation
for those of you who've been
with us at other places,
like Contact in the
Desert, Integratron.
We're able to get into
those other realities.
I hope you can feel that.
But first and
foremost is the fact
that this planet
is a grid network.
And so we're part of that.
Things are shifting-- I
think everyone feels that.
And this is part of the energy
that's taking place right now.
>>STEINFELD: And we're a
microcosm of that grid.
That grid is external,
but it's also internal.
We carry it around with us
within our mental emotional
structures.
So it's part of us.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So let's go
on from there and see what else.
Dr. Hurtak and I were just in
Barcelona a little while ago,
and you may notice Michio Kaku.
This is the first UFO conference
he was ever speaking at,
and he was actually
fairly open-minded.
For those of you
who don't know him,
he's well known
for string theory,
and he has the
understanding that there
can be like 10 or 11
dimensions of our reality.
So it's amazing to see him in
the midst of Nick Pope, Jaime
Maussan ourselves.
>>JJ HURTAK: JJ HURTAK: Nike
Pope was the first person
to lease the documents in the
British government in 1996--
the first disclosure papers.
And of course Jaime Maussan
is a great colleague.
I had the opportunity
of working with him
in Mexico City at
Televisa and opening
a new direction with documents
from the Mexican government
as to the cosmic
others who are watching
our evolutionary process.
>>STEINFELD: Well, has one of
the most watched UFO programs
in Latin America and
Mexico on Telemundo.
It is huge.
People love him,
and he's known--
they're much more open
about ETs and UFOs
in Mexico and South America.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
on the other side,
one of the people
maybe some of you
recognize as the head of MUFON,
which is Jan Harzan, and others
who are from Latin America.
Anyway, I just want to say
that the UFO field-- we're
going to start with
UFOs, we're going
to get into
multidimensions, we're
going to end with a meditation.
But the UFO field is
certainly waking up.
>>JJ HURTAK: It's
the hard evidence
of government disclosure
going on throughout the world.
So we can spend time looking
at the theoretical structures
of what cosmology
is, but this really
realization that we
are participating
as multidimensional beings in
a living cosmology, a living
language of
consciousness experience.
>>STEINFELD: What was that
thing, when I asked you,
what do you want to communicate
to this audience today?
You said something really--
>>JJ HURTAK: Well
the living universe
is a cosmology as a
language of co-creation.
>>STEINFELD: The universe is
a language of co-creation--
that we're learning to
understand as evolving beings
of consciousness.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So the
UFO field is waking up,
and the physicists,
even around the world,
are starting to understand that
there's no way we can be alone
in the universe.
And even the
governments-- and I know
we're all waiting for cosmic
disclosure from the US,
but other countries
have done it.
One that you may not know
about is the Chilean government
released this information.
this is from the
Chilean Air Force,
and it was footage
taken November 11, 2014
by a Navy helicopter.
Interesting that even
also on the Nimitz area,
that's all Navy.
And, in fact, the
Navy is actually
in front of the Air Force in
terms of sightings and contact
with alien intelligences.
This is because a lot of them
use our waters, our oceans,
to go in and out.
>>STEINFELD: No, the
Navy and the Air Force
don't really communicate
with each other on ET stuff.
They have their
own sort of policy.
The Air Force was into
debunking it for a long time,
and the Navy now is coming
out and saying, nope,
there's things out there.
So there's factions within
the government structure
that is allowing more and more
UFO information to come out
to the public.
So we are heading towards
positive awakening disclosures.
>>JJ HURTAK: So this
the consciousness shift
that's being helped by
government disclosures
throughout the world.
Thousands of documents
are being released
showing that there
has been not only
contact on a physical
level, but also
on a transphysical
consciousness level.
It's the new area of information
coming from behind the scenes
that's critical at this stage.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And I just want
to say, regarding
this, which we're
going to be seeing
in about a moment,
although I speeded up the
sequence so that our lecture is
shorter tonight, but the object
was detected by the pilot.
This is quite often
the case, or sometimes
by forward-looking infrared,
but usually regular radar.
And in this case, the radar
towers at the nearby airports
did not pick this up.
So that's very important.
Pilots can sometimes see it,
certain types of infrared can
see it, but regular
radar cannot.
Let's take a look at this.
What's interesting is it
emits two strange bursts.
It's like a thermal
path behind this ship.
So this is from
the Chilean Navy.
And you can see the
data regarding it.
And so you wonder,
what is this first
that comes out from there?
Well, it's interesting,
around Fukushima
there's actually been UFOs.
Around Argentina, where
there's nuclear power
plants that are always
emitting stuff, there's UFOs.
They are totally against
us doing anything
with nuclear power and
other types of scenarios
that they want to be able to--
>>JJ HURTAK: We've
seen a plethora
of extraterrestrial
slash UFO events
around volcanic activity,
nuclear weapons storage areas.
There seems to be a correlation
also with sacred sites
according to the indigenous
elders that we've
talked to in Peru and Brazil.
What we're seeing here now--
please watch the screen very
carefully--
is the fact that there was
a unknown, gaseous material
released in the
lower atmosphere.
Was this a trick of
government intelligence
to make, as it were, a pseudo
UFO event for public awareness?
Or was this a test being
done for our benefit
by extraterrestrial
friends who want
to point out the dangers
that were now taking place?
>>STEINFELD: Yeah.
Some people think they
clean our atmospheres,
and I think they do.
And you know if you look at
the history of UFO crashes
or landings, Roswell was right
near the first atomic test
site.
So they're very worried
that, what they say,
the kids have the car keys,
and we don't know how to drive.
And that's why they're
here to kind of direct--
make sure we don't
blow ourselves up.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So Alan?
>>STEINFELD: Oh, yeah.
So people want to know
why no one sees ETs?
Because everyone's looking at
their cell phone, that's why.
You know, they're looking down.
That's the cartoon I found.
But really, if we
looked up and realized
that we are part of the
cosmos, our consciousness
is not of this earth
plane, we are the ETs.
We were extraterrestrial.
This thinking mechanism
is not an evolution
of the animals and
the evolving primates.
We came from someplace else.
I don't know where, but we
didn't evolve from Earth.
I know that.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: We did
not evolve from Earth.
>>STEINFELD: That's what I said.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Exactly.
>>JJ HURTAK: The
Indigenous tell us
that just as their habitats
are being destroyed,
our habitats in the
north will be destroyed.
And the dangerous signs
are being pointed out
in graphic ways.
And so is this, shall we
say, an anomalous object
that has no meaning?
Or shall we see this
within the context
of the indigenous stories of how
there will be signs in the sky,
particularly of
what is sometimes
called in the astric cosmology
of the spotter woman that
appears, that casts
a net in the heavens
as to the change of the upper
and lower layers of the cosmos.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And to get
to know the universe around us,
Dr. [INAUDIBLE] and I
work extensively in Egypt.
And his book "The Keys of Enoch"
talked about, in the 1970s,
about how the
pyramid was aligned
to Orion on one side and the
circumpolar stars on the other.
We're going to see
that in a minute.
But I just want to
introduce you also
to our latest book, which
is called "Giza's Industrial
Complex," that
talks about the fact
that we believe the
ancient Egyptians who
built this humongous, massive
monument which really we
can hardly do today--
I believe we cannot do it today.
You can put stone
upon stone, but you
can't put all the air
shafts and everything else
in the way they had done it.
But that they used a
hydrogen energy technology,
even a Brown's gas
or oxyhydrogen.
And this is something if
we would use it today,
we would actually be able to
help this planet tremendously.
So that's part of our work.
>>JJ HURTAK: So this is our
new book that show of what
is under the pyramid, the
other side of the Egypt story,
where we were able to
locate salt water batteries.
We were able to locate
an underground grid
system of water canals
that were working basically
as a functional library,
as well as a battery
system for collecting
and providing
the energy source
that was needed
for underground engineering.
So again, I'm throwing
this on the screen
because this was found
through remote viewing.
Remote viewing has
opened up our past
and has shown us
that we do not have
to work with traditional
scientific paradigms
of heavy technology to find the
sources of early civilization.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
And they didn't have--
these tombs are all done--
it wasn't done in the dark.
They had these batteries
that illuminated
the inside of these shafts.
There's no torch marks in there.
Even in those other
hieroglyphic designed tombs,
there's no torch marks.
They had some kind
of electrical light
that illuminated the
inside of these chambers.
That's a part of this book.
>>JJ HURTAK: Also, we're
seeing the shafts--
the star shafts diagram--
pointing to Orion on one
side and Alpha Draconis
on the other.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Right.
So if we want to know--
we're talking about
a multi-dimensional cosmology,
we will get into that
multi-dimensional,
but in this case--
who is the important guys on
the other side of this planet.
Like, in other words, when
you go outside the Milky
Way, what's important?
Well, Orion is known in both
the Mayan cosmology as well as
the Egyptian.
So it's a key factor.
Also, the whole idea of Alpha
Draconis and Ursa Minor,
if you take this to
the Mayan cosmology,
they say that's part of
our circle relationship
that we are kind of
spiraling around.
So in a certain sense,
they're actually saying,
we need to get beyond
the circumpolar stars.
We need to get into
the higher star
systems connected with Orion,
the Pleiades, and Sirius.
>>JJ HURTAK: So we argue
that the Great Pyramid
is a chronomonitor, an
astrophysical pyramid
with star shafts point
precisely at the three stars
in the Belt of Orion going
back 12,000 years, precisely
at a distance between
1,300 light years plus.
That type of engineering
and cosmology
requires, in my opinion,
several generations of Einstein,
one after the other, to do
this type of geophysical,
astrophysical, and biophysical
arrangement, all together.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
Let's go back to that slide.
I just want to show people
this is our local neighborhood,
Orion, Rigel, Betelgeuse.
If we're going to be--
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well, we're
in the arm of the Orion arm
of the Milky Way.
>>STEINFELD: The Orion
Arm-- so the galaxy
has these arms that circulate
and they go up and down.
They're not even to the plane.
So where we see the black
rift within those arms
is just a different elevation
of the arms at different levels.
So it spins like a
fan, the whole galaxy.
And that's what we're seeing.
So we are positioned
in relationship
to some of these stars
and these star shafts
open to these energetic portals.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
we're going to even see
the real local realm shortly.
But I just want
to point out, when
you talk about the
Egyptians, they actually
had all those different
levels of intelligence.
So they had the lion face
gods, they had the reptilians--
you can see that there--
they had the bird-faced gods.
Actually, all these types
of intelligences exist.
And we've shown in some
of our other lectures
about what these
beings looked like.
And it's not just all what we
would call the adamic species
that look like us.
There's a lot of others.
It's not just the greys either.
There's the praying mantis
and many other kinds.
So the ships-- the solar
boats, so to speak,
as they were called--
literally took all
these different beings
around the galaxy.
>>JJ HURTAK: So
there was a language
that went with the
cosmology of the ancients,
connecting the different
realms and connecting
the different anthropologists
with the cosmic others.
We would call them the
hierarchy of those beings that
are now being released
by governments
throughout the world.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
Many civilizations have
these bird-headed beings.
That was just part-- it
wasn't just a mythology,
it was actually a visitation
of different intelligences.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
they could give us
information about the cosmos.
So even Quetzalcoatl--
>>JJ HURTAK: Those five
levels of geometry,
if I can just emphasize this,
represent the use of higher
protocommunication
signals between the higher
intelligence-- we will call
it the higher evolutionary
intelligence-- and
human recipients,
personified by the woman on
the lower-right receiving five
levels of mantric teaching--
acoustical, physical
signals being
used in a variety of ways for
mantras, divine utterances,
inspired language
of the divine names
and five different
levels of communication.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So
let's take a look at some
of these other intelligences.
We talked about the grays.
This is an illustration Dr.
Hurtak and I put together.
>>JJ HURTAK: This
is what I released
during the US government's
first disclosure, 1996.
This is an actual diagram
made by a top artist working
with me of beings that
were seen in Africa.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And then there's
also the reptilian forms.
And they don't always
have to be negative,
but they are different from us.
So they don't have the--
>>JJ HURTAK: Mental capacity.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Or also the
capability of sharing with us,
as others.
But I like this one better.
>>STEINFELD: Oh, thanks.
That's me.
That's me as an ET.
Can you see it.
That's my ET connections there.
All right.
Enough.
Yeah.
Occasionally I go into that.
Thanks.
Thanks for watching.
>>JJ HURTAK: But humans
can be transceivers
of higher consciousness.
And this is the
great work that's
been done behind the scenes at
Stanford Research Institute.
At Princeton University,
they acknowledge the fact
that there are
untapped powers that
make us cosmic citizens and
pioneers of a living universe.
>>STEINFELD: And I do think we
could stretch our consciousness
so we can call in these beings.
They actually are right here.
They really are not separate.
They're part of just a slightly
different vibration of reality.
But we can open up
to that and start--
I mean, lots of people
channeling and stuff.
There are people getting
information downloads.
Creative downloads-- if you talk
to an artist or a songwriter,
they say, I don't know
where this stuff comes from.
Well, maybe this is where.
They're bringing in this--
we're bringing in this
knowledge through this vehicle
to deliver and
uplift this planet.
That's why we're here.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And some of beings
are not only in the third
dimension or the fourth, which
is time, according to Einstein,
but they're also operating
in the fifth dimension.
And then even those
that are beyond.
We'll get to the
beyond, but first we
want to point out a
very good friend of ours
from South Africa who's
named Elizabeth Klarer.
And when she was riding
a horse in the mountains
of the Drakgensberg--
>>JJ HURTAK: Drakensberg.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: --she
actually encountered this being,
which she made a bust of.
And he was just like her.
It was, like, really
no difference.
And she did this in the 1950s.
And there's a whole
story about this.
She's written a book called
"Beyond the Light Barrier."
And she says that basically
they had bases in Antarctica.
So that's something
that's coming out now,
but she said it in the '50s,
wrote about it in the '70s.
And this is what he told her--
she actually went with
him to his planet.
And his planet happened
to be Alpha Centauri.
>>STEINFELD: Wait.
The good part is she had a child
with this extraterrestrial.
No really.
I'm not making that up.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: No, she did.
That's what she's known for.
>>STEINFELD: JJ met--
you both met her.
>>JJ HURTAK: That's right.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah,
I took the picture.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>JJ HURTAK: She lectured
before the British parliament.
She lectured before
German scientists.
And I saw the notes that she was
visited by Russian scientists,
American scientists.
Of course, she was off the map.
The MUFON people consider this
was complete science fiction,
but nonetheless a woman of her
background and intelligence
could not have come up with
the high math equations
that I saw that were then passed
on to British intelligence.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well,
what's important is
he said that his civilization
had lived on this planet
before.
Now we're already
finding civilizations
that are really quite old--
that our planet was having
a major solar flares
and problems.
They initially went
underground into the Antarctic.
and when that got to be a
little bit too much for them,
because they're basically a
surface civilization, like us.
Obviously, they had
enough cap capability--
she had a child with him--
that they moved to
the nearest star.
Now, in the '50s no one
knew the nearest star.
They always thought
maybe, actually,
Barnard's Star was
supposedly the nearest star.
The brighter star
was always closer.
That's not true.
Now we know from different
types of red analysis
that Alpha Centauri,
which is exactly where he
said he was from,
the nearest star,
is the closest star to us.
We have the Oort Cloud,
we have two light years--
they haven't seen anything.
You have to go four light
years to see the Centauri Alpha
and Proxima.
That's supposedly where
this being came from.
And his name is--
>>JJ HURTAK: Akon.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And he's
from Meton, a planet circling
Alpha Centauri.
>>JJ HURTAK: Now,
the name Meton,
I had written in 1973
in "The Keys of Enoch,"
which was based upon a
paraphysical experience I had--
we'll get more to
this later, this
is the codebook of
cosmology and consciousness,
of how they work together--
but Meton was a
buzzword that stood out
in the mind of Elizabeth Klarer.
I did not know that her contact
experience dealt with Meton.
And so when we met
at the University
in Johannesburg, South Africa,
certain things came together.
And we had the
opportunity to explore
why she had so
much information--
cosmic astrophysical
information-- downloaded.
She was a humanist.
She worked with the Zulu.
She was aware of
the ability of mind
over matter that some
individuals have.
And through her,
was a recognition
that a star map, very much
like Betty and Barney Hill,
had to be given to
those in authority.
>>STEINFELD: Where's her child?
Where's her ET?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Actually,
he stayed on that planet.
Supposedly, the heart rate
vibrations are different,
and it's hard to live going
back and forth like we do,
East Coast, West Coast.
There's a whole different
heart vibration.
And they said if
she stayed longer--
I think she stayed
four months there--
her heart rate would
be too difficult
for her to come back here.
So speaking of Betty
and Barney Hill,
I think Alan went
to this location.
>>STEINFELD: Well, yeah.
This has Betty in Barney Hill.
They were the first
real abductees.
They were an interracial couple.
They were driving along the
road in 1961 in New Hampshire.
And they see lights in the
sky, and it's late at night--
it's like 12:00 midnight.
And then, suddenly,
they've lost four hours.
They don't know what
happens to them.
They're regressed by this
trauma therapist really, who
used to work with war veterans.
And he said, he's
never seen people
more traumatized than
Betty and Barney Hill.
And they said they didn't
know what happened.
So they start to
have nightmares.
So they went to see
this guy, Benjamin--
>>JJ HURTAK: Benjamin Simon.
>>STEINFELD: --Simon,
and Betty and Barney
were both regressed,
because they
were getting very stressed out
from the trauma they didn't
realize.
And Betty remembers,
in her regression,
seeing a map on the
wall of this ship
that they were taken
aboard, and they were just
these dots in the sky.
And the ET on the ship,
she asked, what's that?
She said, that's a star map.
There were no names like this.
But there was a woman
named Marjorie Fish,
who was an astronomer.
She was making
three-dimensional star maps.
Betty Hill described the
position of the stars
that she saw on the
ship, and Marjorie Fish
was able to label them.
And when she asked the ETs
which star they came from,
he pointed to Zeta Reticuli.
So Zetas, is what
they're called--
all come from Betty's
identification
of a star map with Zeta Reticuli
and the location of the ETs
>>JJ HURTAK: And you
can see the lower facial
or prosopographic
features in the lower
left, drawn by artists
working with the Hills.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
They're kind of
like the grays in a certain
sense, although maybe
not the large eyes that we're
used to or that Alan had.
>>JJ HURTAK: But they do match
what we found in South Africa
in the drawings of Zulu shamans.
They also match
those that we see
in portraits from the
indigenous heritage
of the islands of Australia
and around New Zealand.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But this
was really their local travel
guide so to speak.
So they went from
the sun, which is
close to Sirius,
to Zeta Reticuli,
to Eridandi, to Tau Ceti.
This is the local
place that they
would go visit and go around.
>>JJ HURTAK: A complex
star map from a person,
an average person
who did not have
this astrophysical knowledge.
And yet, it was
downloaded into her.
>>STEINFELD: And,
of course, there's
life throughout the universe.
I mean they every
single spot has life.
This is our local neighbors.
This is right where we are.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So we're
recapping what we just
showed you, just so you kind of
know who's living around you.
Alpha Centauri, which
is where Meton was,
the planet, Arcon, Tau
Ceti, connected with Betty
and Barney Hill, Sirius,
something that also the Great
Pyramid points to
right over here,
and then Arcturus-- we
didn't talk about that,
but we're going to show that.
So basically, this is
all the local beings
that are around here.
So we're showing, as we grow
up and people want disclosure,
well, how about knowing who's
there-- who's out there.
>>STEINFELD: Who's in
our neighborhood, what's
down the block.
Well, Sirius, though,
a lot of Egyptians
think we actually were
seeded by the Sirians.
Sirians is another
name for Osiris.
So that's really
the Osirian Star.
So that's maybe-- some people
say the whole local universe
revolves around Sirius.
We're not far enough
out to really understand
where we're rotating around,
but there are circles
within circles within circles.
>>JJ HURTAK: We are a
part of a neighborhood.
And the good news
is the neighborhood
is responding to the signals
that the indigenous are
putting out in the space,
that they need help.
Mother Earth is crying.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
We're in a good
neighborhood, OK?
[LAUGHTER]
>>JJ HURTAK: And
what is happening
is many of these ships
that are being seen
are over those danger areas.
The nuclear weapons systems--
in our opinion,
the danger points
that have to be
revisited and understood,
representing our participation.
>>STEINFELD: Well, because
it's like a living matrix.
We're not separate.
This is a whole matrix.
We're all connected
to each other.
So if you have a problem
in your little toe,
the whole body feels it,
especially if it's a severe
you know meltdown
that's happening
in one part of your system.
It's like, they're going to
come and say, what's going on?
Get that splinter out
of your toe there!
You know?
Because you can't sleep.
So we're disturbing
all our neighbors.
Really.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Just to
show you, here's the sun.
And sun is usually
placed at the center,
because that's how we're
viewing everything.
So yes.
And Arcturus, I want
to point that out.
We're going to take
a look at that.
Because it's
actually interesting,
Dr. Hurtak, in the
"Keys of Enoch" book,
says that it's connected
with the high command
intelligence working
with our solar system
through the midway station of
Arcturus, which opens the lower
heavens or the local
heavens, allowing
the local heavens to move into
alignment with the true star
pointer of the Pleiades.
So it's kind of an alignment.
We all kind of know
about alignments.
And as we work with
Arcturus, we're
starting to align with
different intelligences that
then connect us to the
Pleiades, connect us to Orion,
connect us with
other star system.
>>STEINFELD: I also want to
say what Dr. Hurtak is saying,
as he says in his book
"The Keys of Enoch,"
is that there's levels
of intelligences
and dimensional realities as you
reach into these other stars.
So everything's not
just 3D physical
like we think it
is here on Earth,
but there's slightly
different vibrations
of spiritual energies that
exist in these other realms.
And it's not just a matter of
going there, but going there
in consciousness.
And that's the work,
>>JJ HURTAK: I was
visited by a member
of the British
parliament in 1973,
and he was concerned, why
did I pick out Arcturus?
And I said, this was
shown me in my experience,
that Arcturus would be a star
key-- one of the first areas.
And he said, did you know
that the Scottish and British
astronomers had validated
communication symbols
from that area of
our local heaven?
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So let's go on.
There's something
that Alan and us,
if you've ever gone to Contact
in the Desert, basically,
we oftentimes-- we
can't do it this year,
because they're doing
some changes with it--
usually we rent a time
with the Integratron
and do a special
meditation there.
Because we actually
personally knew
George Van Tassel
back in the '70s.
>>STEINFELD: Do people know
what the Integratron is?
Who doesn't know?
A couple of people don't know.
Well, this guy,
George Van Tassel,
says he was visited
by these ET beings,
and they told him to
build this time machine.
Right here, the
Integratron, there's
no metal in that building.
It was supposed to
be a time machine.
And just before he completed
it, he died mysteriously.
And all his papers
were confiscated.
There's a movie
I produced called
"Calling All Earthlings."
Look it up, it's
about that story.
But he would constantly
get these messages
from these ETs about
this technology.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But
it was a time machine,
it was also an
anti-gravity machine,
and it was a
rejuvenation machine.
And actually, it would create
like a spark of energy,
and then there
would be some metal
poles-- they're not on there.
>>STEINFELD: On the outside.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: That would
rotate and create like a field.
So you're creating a new
energy field inside, very much
like electromedicine.
So he had this
back in those days.
Let's listen a
little bit about--
>>STEINFELD: But I just want to
say, you can still go in there,
even though it was
almost completed,
it still feels like it
works on some level,
because there's a
vibration in there.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: They do a
lot of those toning there.
>>STEINFELD: This is George
Van Tassel she's going to play,
who created this whole thing.
And he actually had the first
UFO conferences out at Giant
Rock there in Joshua Tree.
So this is George.
We're going to see George.
And he used to work
for Howard Hughes,
and Howard Hughes also
funded a lot of this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Give me the details, George.
What time of day
or night was it.
- 2 o'clock in the morning
and approximately a full moon,
which is like daylight
on the desert.
And I didn't see the ship land.
One of my son-in-laws
that wasn't my son-in-law
of that time saw it come down.
- Outside or what?
- No, I was sound asleep
when he awakened me.
- This man awakened you.
- Well, something awakened.
The man got off the ship and
approached me before I even
knew there was a ship down.
I asked him what he wanted,
and said my name is Solgonda,
and I would be pleased
to show you our craft.
- Solgonda?
- Solgonda.
- Did you-- was the craft
visible to you at this time?
It was when he stated this.
I saw, beyond him, the ship.
After we got off the ship,
the man who invited me aboard,
who didn't look a day
over 28 years of age,
told me that he was over 700
years of age in our time.
- Oh, come off it.
George.
- That's right.
- Was this the guy that give
you the formula for the time
machine?
- That's the man.
- And what from did
the formula take?
Did he implant it into
your mind by telepathy
or did he give you something
written in English?
- He spoke it to me verbally.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So
just a short on that.
And the film is available.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>JJ HURTAK: I want to emphasize
communication signals were used
by George Van Tassel
and another contactees
that we personally
researched back
in the '70s after my experience.
Here we are with
colleagues and students--
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
Alan and ourselves.
>>JJ HURTAK: --around
the Integratron.
>>STEINFELD: This is one of
our adventures after Contact
in the Desert, which
I recommend everyone--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>JJ HURTAK: Where we still
give musical concerts.
Why?
Because George felt
music has the way
of opening the energy centers or
chakra points of the human body
necessary to raise consciousness
into a vibratory communication
signal.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
you can see these rods.
I think there was
something like 64 of them.
And they would spin around.
There was like a spark gap
that would energize the rods.
They would spin and create
that energy inside the dome.
The second floor was the
place, really, for healing.
>>JJ HURTAK: So we are
human biotransducers
for communication.
We have the capacity to
expand our consciousness.
And that is the key
to a living cosmology.
It's not there on the
blackboard for the experts
in the ivory tower, it's in
the hearts of every human being
on this planet.
>>STEINFELD: This
is what the ETs were
trying to tell us with this.
And they've been here and back.
And we are developing
technologies all the time
to communicate and create
higher dimensional machines.
>>JJ HURTAK: Another
experiment-- we took 1980s--
the '90s was in Mexico, in
Tepoztlan and other locations,
where we met with
individuals like--
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Carlos Diaz.
--Carlos
>>JJ HURTAK: Diaz.
And we have what is called
the plasma ship, as we see now
from an excerpt from one
of the documentaries made
on the life of Carlos Diaz.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And it's
important to realize this,
that it was really an
energy field, a plasma
ship, as Dr. Hurtak said.
So these ships don't have
to be all nuts and bolts.
The old MUFON was
always interested in,
just tell me the nuts and bolts.
And even Michio Kaku
said, well, give me
the screwdriver from the ship.
But a lot of these ships
aren't having screwdrivers.
>>JJ HURTAK: So this would be
close to the Merkabah concept
of the ancient
prophets, Merkabah
by being the vehicle
of spiritual knowledge
and transformation.
Look here very carefully at
the shape and the design,
and let's go to the commentary.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
So we're going to hear a little
bit of Dr. Hurtak and then
from Carlos Diaz.
>>STEINFELD: It's an
energy machine sort of.
Or you not even
machines-- they're
non-physical energetic
vehicles, let's say.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So listen carefully,
because it's very interesting.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- What causes this
strange luminosity?
We still don't know.
For Professor James Hurtak,
the Carlos Diaz experience
brings together the scientific
and spiritual perspectives
of the future and delivers a key
to an interdimensional physics.
- Carlos Diaz's documents
are very important,
because they show a different
category of intelligence,
of what could be called the
bioplasmic form of intelligence
that is even beyond the
extraterrestrial, which
is using metallurgical
or physical spacecraft.
- Is the Carlos Diaz ship of
light an interdimensional gate,
a projection from a parallel
universe, an alien spacecraft?
Why does it appear so frequently
over the village of Tepoztlan?
Is there any connection
to the ancient cultures
of Central America?
Only the experience of a
simple young man from Mexico
might be the answer to
all these questions.
>>STEINFELD: See we're try
and figure out, is it solid--
>>JJ HURTAK: Wait.
>>STEINFELD: OK, sorry.
- The first time he invited me
to go consciously into a ship,
or I saw my friend
getting in first.
He we went through
this fog-like light.
When more than half of his
body was inside of the light,
his body got sucked
in into the object.
So what I did first is that
I put one hand into the light
to feel.
And to my surprise, it
went through the light,
and inside I felt
a nice temperature.
When I took my hand
out, I was very relieved
to see it was
still in one piece.
So that gave me the
confidence to walk in.
And when I had my body
halfway inside the object,
I was sucked into it too.
But once you're into it,
there is nothing you can see.
You just see yellow
light on all over.
You don't feel your toes.
You don't feel the floor.
But the sensation
is very peculiar,
because you feel very peaceful,
with a lot of love within you.
Once, when I came out
of the yellow light,
I realized I was not at the same
place, but I was in a big cave.
It had stalactites
and stalagmites
and between them I saw several
sculptures and ornaments
which were of the art
of the Maya culture.
this big cave was the place
where the ship hovered,
and there was a kind of
path we walked through.
And we came to another cave.
And I saw there are many
people who were very kind to me
and greeted me--
very nice people.
But the particular
thing about this cave
was that there were
seven egg-like spheres
of yellow light.
After we got to this
place, my friend
he stuck his hand
into one of the eggs
and took out a small bowl
of light, also yellow,
and said that this little
bowl could project a ray that
would touch my seventh vertebrae
in the middle of the spine,
and it would take
all the information
which is in my belonging.
Once I was there
in this place, he
invited me to go into one
of those spheres of light
or eggs of light.
windows When I
did so, I realized
that all the yellow
color changed.
And it was not yellow
anymore, but it was a scene
of a forest from the air.
It was like if I was flying.
And then I saw, on each
of my sides, a wing--
the wing of an eagle.
And I realized that
what I was looking at
was the information of
from an eagle, his memories
that they had stored
into this egg of light.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>STEINFELD: Yeah.
You see, there's so
much about the universe
we don't understand.
Like, we could say, oh,
maybe he was making this up,
or maybe there's technologies,
and portals, and dimensions,
that are beyond our capacity
to know at this point.
And these explorers,
or this guy, was taken,
but he had an experience.
And if we could sort of reverse
engineer those experiences,
we can start to develop
a new technology that's
based on portal science--
dimensional doorways of science.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
But this relates also
to well Linda Moulton Howe says,
that, when they're giving us
information, sometimes they're
also taking information,
and they're
obviously storing it.
So he was talking about
how you can store neronic--
which is from the brain--
information of
different species.
And this is in a cave
that he had experienced.
When he said, he saw
nice people in the cave,
these were all alien beings.
They look like us, they
weren't that much different,
but they had that technology.
>>JJ HURTAK: He also
saw cosmic spheres.
And the Hinduistic
Sanskrit traditions
speak of how the physical
world was evolved out
of the glowing egg of Rama Agni.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So he
was able to actually put
within himself, which is
what he was explaining
at the end, the thought
forms of the eagle,
and actually soaring
like the eagle saw.
He could actually experience it.
I mean, this is
something we're only
doing now with virtual reality.
But in actuality, this
is a way of really having
live events in a certain sense.
It's a little bit more
alive than virtual.
>>STEINFELD: But I also
think the ETs were showing us
the vastness of consciousness.
>>JJ HURTAK: Yes.
>>STEINFELD: And the
teleportation of states of mind
that they impose upon us.
So maybe they're creating
this world for us right now.
But we have the capabilities
of traveling in our mind
and knowing other realities.
This is the thing.
We think it's solid,
this world, but it's not.
This is just our conditioning.
>>JJ HURTAK: I've listed four
aspects of this experience--
one, the possibility
of interaction
with new concepts of
hyperdimensional consciousness.
In other words, coming from
outside our realm of living
intelligence--
exobiological lifeforms
interacting with humans through
consciousness expansion.
Secondly, extraterrestrials
may be playing out
their own evolutionary
roles, suggesting
that they're looking
at humanity as part
of a lab for medical
experimentation, et cetera.
Three, extra extraterrestrial
predictive science
may have been seeded
onto planet Mother Earth.
In other words, these
realities that we see now
have been planted long ago.
What we're seeing now
is a harvest time,
where higher intelligence
is coming back
to pick up the pieces
or to recompose
the fabric of consciousness.
And finally, earth
changes, as we define them,
may have been programmed
for this time period.
In other words, within the
logic and the superlogic
of consciousness, if we do not
attend to our responsibilities,
then another set of
entities or cosmic beings
come into play that deal
with the detailed workings
of the microuniverse.
>>STEINFELD: I
think climate change
and ETs are the two issues
that are forcing us to change.
They're forcing us to
evolve on this planet.
And if we don't, well,
there goes the neighborhood.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And in
terms of "The Keys of Enoch,"
Dr. Hurtak was told,
in the 1970s, when
he had his initial experience,
that they are feeding us
a lot of information
in literally 64 areas
of science to be
able to graduate
into the next realm
of consciousness.
So if you think that the
whole thing of geology,
or astrophysics,
or even genetics
is just happenstance that we're
evolving, we don't think so.
We think that they're feeding
information to the scientists,
to the people, so that we can
be prepared for our next phase.
>>STEINFELD: And our next phase
is that we're a collective.
We're one body of humanity.
And we have to recognize that
if we're going to evolve.
That's our evolution.
It's collectively, not just
on this individual self.
>>JJ HURTAK: So what
does The New Yorker say?
>>STEINFELD: Oh, this
is my favorite cartoon
in the New Yorker.
Hi, honey, I'm going
to another dimension.
You need anything?
[LAUGHTER]
That's in The New Yorker
>>JJ HURTAK: Part
of her body is going
through the wall like Carlos
Diaz into the plasma ship.
>>STEINFELD: That's the ship.
If that could be
in The New Yorker,
then maybe it can be
considered as a possibility.
Because, you know,
you make fun of things
that are possible, right?
So this is our portal to the
next level of consciousness
and of being.
So, Desiree.
>>JJ HURTAK: Yes.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So we're
going to take a leap now
from the extraterrestrial
to look at the other side.
>>JJ HURTAK: Ultra-terrestrial.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
And other sides of reality
of how our mind actually
can function in other
types of reality.
>>JJ HURTAK: The
extraterrestrial
is confined to physical
technology, physical paradigms
of travel space-time, where the
ultraterrestrial have evolved
to the point of nonevolution.
They are free to circumnavigate
and to manifest and demanifest
in spheres of light.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
Ultraterrestrials are
dimensional beings
that come in and out
of our reality, that
communicate with us, that
we hope to evolve into.
It's not about being
ETs, it's about being
masters of the universe.
And of universes, if you
read "The Keys of Enoch,"
which is great.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And we actually
can call in those energies.
We can call in
extraterrestrials.
Many people do that.
I mean, there's many groups
that actually go out to night
and bring them in.
But you can also call in other
spheres and other energies,
like the orbs.
And here's a friend of ours who
is doing a special drumming.
And we believe that she called
in these other dimensional
reality.
>>JJ HURTAK: So sacred
arts, sacred science,
and sacred language are
part of the orientation
to work with the higher
levels of contact that
provide knowledge for all
members of the human race.
>>STEINFELD: And you
can feel them around.
Like, how many people
have felt a presence
around-- yeah, some people.
Look at that, at least half the
room has felt this presence.
It's a shift of awareness that
brings those presences to you.
They're actually
here all the time,
but we're just so focused on
our iPhone that we don't see.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Exactly.
And really, they are here.
It's just a matter--
and that's why
it's important you come
to conferences like this.
Because if we can convince you
that these other levels exist,
then you can start
working with them.
The biggest blockage is
saying, no, I don't believe.
But most of you, of course, do.
So--
>>STEINFELD: Oh, John
Mack, he legitimized
the whole field of UFO contact.
He was a professor of psychiatry
at Harvard University.
And this guy Bud
Hopkins introduced him
to some abductees.
And they said, no,
these guys are crazy.
And then he started
to hear these stories,
and these people were not crazy.
They were very stable, normal
people with these very strange
experiences, like
Better and Barney
Hill, of meeting these ETs,
and being taken aboard,
and being planted or
genetics taken from them.
So he concluded that
maybe they're not crazy,
but maybe we're dealing
with a phenomena which
violates our sense of
reality and operates
in this gray area between
the physical world
and the subjective.
Like Carlos Diaz,
those plasma ships
that are not quite physical,
and they're not quite energy--
they're somewhere in between.
This phenomena will
not yield its secrets
until we discover
other ways of knowing.
We want to figure it out
rationally with our left brain.
This is this, and this--
well, we don't have the
rationale and the reasoning
capable of understanding it.
So we can't figure
it out, because we
don't have the tools.
We have to go more towards the
intuitive side, the feeling
side, and feel
into the experience
and know it's a
part of our reality.
That's the difference.
We have to-- who said?
I think Rumi said, I've given
up on my brain, you know?
We have to go into the
creative and the feeling
side, the right brain.
>>JJ HURTAK: We
invited John to be
with us in South Africa with
the Zulus, and he said to us,
we have to change the
ontology of science.
Science and scientific truth
is not what it's meant to be.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And it's the
rational mind that even tells
you when you have
an experience--
I'm sure many of
you have had this--
when the rational mind
says, oh, that's impossible.
You're not really experiencing.
It you're not really seeing it.
Or you get afraid,
because there's
a light that comes
into your room,
and you kind of
block the experience.
The more your heart and
the more your consciousness
is aware of those
realities, the more
you will have those realities.
>>STEINFELD: I just wanted
to show them one thing.
So Harvard wanted to throw
him out get rid of him,
but he was there too long.
So Danny Sheehan, who's here,
was his lawyer for Harvard,
and they pleaded the case
that, no, just because someone
says something is
possible, who are you
to deny their experience?
So Harvard said, basically,
we don't care if it's true,
we don't believe it anyway.
So it's like people are so
stuck in this old mentality,
that no matter what
evidence you show them,
they're not going to evolve.
We need another generation.
We need new ways of knowing.
>>JJ HURTAK: And we need
to open a new dimension.
The fifth dimension is
here for our experience.
>>STEINFELD: I call
it the fifth dimension
because the third dimension
is the physical body.
The fourth dimension, to me,
is the emotional reality.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
But it's really
time in terms of the scientific.
>>STEINFELD: But I
also feel it's emotion.
Does this person like me?
Am I going there?
Who's the-- and
that's our emotions.
Were caught up in
the human drama.
It's like, we think we're
so important-- our dramas,
our petty emotions.
But really, when you have
these experiences, near-death,
out-of-body, UFOs, past
life, energetic healing,
telepathic communication,
you do remote viewing,
creating your
reality consciously,
then this collective
awareness, these
are experiences that
take us out of the drama,
out of our personal drama.
And they're sometime the most
real experiences of your life.
That's where we're going.
That's the fifth dimension
I'm sure we've all
had one of these.
So we're all part of this
new level of consciousness.
That's so exciting.
We're all in this room together.
Thank you.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
this is not unusual.
Actually, scientists are even
starting to look at this.
The Blue Brain Project
out of Switzerland
that's analyzing
the brain is saying
the brain is operating
in more than the third
and fourth dimension.
So they're already
starting to talk about it,
because they can
see the geometries
and how the brain
is functioning.
So, yes, we are
already functioning
in the fifth dimension.
Most people in this room
are functioning even
beyond the fifth dimension.
We work with a woman
named Dr. Elizabeth
Rauscher in remote viewing.
How many people--
most of you guys know
what the remote viewing is.
OK.
Well, OK.
Maybe not so many.
Well, it was Stanford
Research Institute,
these people were sitting in
California, up by Stanford,
even though it was the
Research Institute,
and they were remote viewing
all the way to Russia.
And they were getting
clear details.
They were remote viewing
all the way to an NSA--
National Security
Agency-- base in Virginia
that no one knew about.
And this comes out in
Russell Targ's newest film,
"Third Eye Spies,"
they actually could
read the names of the top
secret files in a file cabinet.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>JJ HURTAK: This means
there's no secrecy.
>>STEINFELD: That
means there's no time
and space for consciousness.
You could remote view right now.
And I do teach remote view.
>>JJ HURTAK: As well as
typing an arbitrary construct
by the formal
scientific community.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Right.
>>STEINFELD: You could send your
conscious anywhere, right now,
sitting there, and
know everything
there is to know about
anywhere in time and space.
That's how fast we go.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
more importantly--
and this goes into
quantum physics--
it's not a matter of sending
and receiving information.
You're not necessarily
putting out a radio broadcast.
It's taking a time, it's
finally getting there,
you're getting the
information, it's coming back--
that's not how it
works, especially when
you talk to Russell Targ.
You are instantly, nonlocally
there through the power
of quantum entanglement.
They are exactly
there at that time.
There's no time lag in this.
>>JJ HURTAK: So we see two
unique experiments by Stanford
Univers--
If you look at the
far left, you'll
see Elizabeth Rauscher
throwing a paper airplane,
and the projectile is
being seen in motion
by the drawer on the lower left.
On the right, a water
fountain that's not being used
is described without water.
The energy, as well
as the geometric mesh
is highlighted
with great details.
This is just part of what, after
20 years of authentic research,
has been understood as
the nonlocality issue
of human consciousness.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And don't
think of it as just something
that some government agency
is doing between Russia
and the US or something,
Elizabeth Rauscher
used it to remote
view the food store
when I asked her what
she wanted for dinner.
You can find your keys
by remote viewing.
And we actually have a friend
that sometimes we do call,
because he's better
than us at that,
to say, where are the keys?
And he knows
exactly where it is.
This is what you can do.
This is what alien
intelligence does,
and this is what higher
dimensional intelligence does.
>>JJ HURTAK: So this
is in our new book
"Mind Dynamics in Space and
Time," with Elizabeth Rauscher.
This is the real "X-Files."
The real "X-Files" represent
work behind the scenes,
carried out by
military intelligence,
as well as others who were
brought in who were sensitive
or mental, as it were,
people who had the ability
of consciousness outreach.
>>STEINFELD: But you could
do this all the time.
You could say, what are you
thinking of having for dinner.
You could feel into that and
feel how that feels to you.
You're remote viewing the
food you're going to eat.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah,
you can do in advance too.
You can precognicize certain
things that have been done.
Yeah, you can see what's
happening in the future.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
Because it's all about
this receiver, the brain.
So it's instant as
Desiree said, but we are
sending and receiving energy.
This is why this
image of Michelangelo,
it's like if you focus
on your third eye point--
well, just do that for a second.
Close your eyes for a second
and think of something
you want to create in your life.
Hold it in your
pituitary gland--
your third eye-- and breathe
into that, and blow it out.
[EXHALING]
Now, hold the image
right there again.
Now, breathe into
that and blow it out.
And one more time.
Hold something you want to
create in your life right
in that third eye point.
Breathe it in, hold
it, hold it, hold it--
something want to
create-- and blow it out.
>>JJ HURTAK: Your third eye
becomes a musical antenna.
>>STEINFELD: And it becomes
the god of your own creation.
This is where the god-- the
divine part of your being--
goes out to the cosmos to
create its manifestation.
This is what I think this
example in the Sistine Chapel
shows.
This looks like a brain.
And this is the
divine experience,
the divine intention, of
sending and receiving,
and that's how we
manifest reality
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But even
if you take it in the normal,
way you can see that
we're interconnected.
There's no separation.
And there really
is no separation.
We're talking about the food
store or finding your keys,
but we're also
going to be talking
about going into
other dimensions
and having contact with beings
that are beyond our realm.
So that's the same
connection we see here.
>>STEINFELD: But
basically, who you are
is not really in that body.
Consciousness, it's everywhere.
It's localized there.
But in order to remote view
or go beyond time and space,
you don't--
it's not contained
in that brain.
It's being picked up
like a radio receiver.
But it's not in the brain.
If the radio breaks, it doesn't
mean the signal has stopped.
You pick up a new body and you
get that signal, the same soul
signal.
So we are evolving
forever beings.
Yeah, we might change the
equipment once in a while--
but you have to keep
the equipment in shape--
but we're getting that
signal of the soul that
is capable of transforming and
transcending all universes,
because it's eternal.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So looking
for consciousness in the brain
is like looking inside a
radio for the announcer.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
You open up the
radio, you're not
going to find anything
in there, because you're
receiving a signal.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So let's see, what
is the real reality of higher
levels of intelligence?
I mean, a UFO can come from
Alpha Centauri or Arcturus,
or even Orion, but what's
going on even beyond that,
if we talk about a
multi-dimensional cosmology?
Well, basically, there is a
greater consciousness reality.
We're part of a divine family.
We're all interconnected.
Quantum physics tells us that.
And so we are like
one little being
in the midst of
the vast reality--
>>JJ HURTAK: Cosmic
family, cosmic hierarchy--
cosmic relationships
that continue
beyond our human evolution.
>>STEINFELD: But it's also
states of consciousness.
Like, this being doesn't
have the awareness
of these other beings.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But
we're still connected.
And actually, you do have that
if you open that awareness.
>>STEINFELD: If you
open, but most people
walk around looking
at their iPhone.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So this
is really who we are.
We're a being that goes
not only this way--
we're all taught to do that
with our auras and vibrations--
but we're also a
being going this way,
and we can interconnect with
divine levels of consciousness.
So let's talk about
also the Merkabah
because this is kind of an
interesting scenario what
is that Merkabah vehicle.
Well, the Merkabah vehicle,
whether it's in a meditation
state or whether it's in
an actual elevation state,
can take you into
other dimensions,
into other levels of reality.
>>STEINFELD: Well, I think
that happened to Dr. Hurtak
here in 1973.
He activated his Merkabah being
and really left the earth plane
for--
you want to mention
something about?
>>JJ HURTAK: We had this
experience of tremendous light
placed around our
physical body--
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yours.
>>JJ HURTAK: --my physical
body, in this case.
And then I was bilocated
into a higher realm,
and from the higher realm
I was taken spiritually
into a still higher realm.
It was shown that
the Merkabah make
use of sacred geometry,
a missing part of science
in the west, which has also
left out the language of color
and vibration.
Put these other
language experiences
and what we would call them
metalanguage experiences
together, then you would
create, as it were, a place
or wrong for your consciousness
to expand, actually to time
travel.
>>STEINFELD: But those other
levels that you were taken to
were different states
of awareness, right?
>>JJ HURTAK: Correct.
>>STEINFELD: How are they
different from this realm?
>>JJ HURTAK: In the sense that
there was no real limitation.
I was, shall we say, involving
a holistic experience
where every cell in my
body was electrified.
Cell by cell,
molecule by molecule,
my whole body apparatus
began to filter this light
and to emanate this light.
And this was captured on
film in several locations.
So this happened repeatedly,
where the Merkabah vehicle
was, as it were, the touchdown
of higher consciousness
contact.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But I
want to point out something
that I just showed
to the audience
for a moment, this also similar
vehicle, if one could say,
was seen over the Pentagon.
I think some of you
are familiar with this.
>>JJ HURTAK: December 19, 2018.
Now watch it turn.
It rotates.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Nine years earlier,
it was also seen
over the Kremlin.
So it's interesting.
But the rotation is
what's really interesting.
It's really much more--
when I first saw this, I
did think it was a fake.
But the more that Jaime
Maussan has done the research
and investigation, there were
literally four to five people
in three different
locations that saw this
at 4:00 in the morning--
4:00 in the morning.
The first picture in
"The Keys of Enoch"
is the pyramidal capstone
floating over the earth.
This is the only book
in the world that
begins with the sign of the
pyramidal capstone in the sky
as a sign of the cosmic family.
>>STEINFELD: So what
does this mean to you?
>>JJ HURTAK: It means
that they apply a higher
sign of togetherness
to a world that's
being troubled by a geophysics
and a political dimension
of violence.
It means that we have
to smell the coffee
and go beyond the political
scenarios of Russia
and the United States,
whose high command--
chain of command-- was being
visited by a special geometry.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So
we literally put away
our weapons of war.
>>JJ HURTAK: And this geometry
is part of a language system,
by the way-- it's part of
a higher cosmic grammar
that's been shown us from
space, that we are going
to be building, as it
were, a capstone cosmology
from the upper to
the human heart.
>>STEINFELD: This
was 2018, you said?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yes.
>>JJ HURTAK: 2018.
Before that it was in 2009.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
So it is a capstone reality,
which I think is important.
That's the missing capstone
to the Great Pyramid as it.
>>JJ HURTAK: The book
speaks of the capstone
and speaks to the year 2004.
What happened in 2004, the
Pentagon in Washington DC
admitted publicly on CNN
and also the Washington Post
that spaceships of
an unknown source
had been tracking our
military operations.
>>STEINFELD: That's
what the Navy said.
>>JJ HURTAK: So from
beginning to end,
there's been over
200 verifications--
200 confirmations of
very intricate cosmology.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So let's now go
through even another
stargate, which
is a really cosmic wheel of
life connected with the Buddhist
teachings.
In a certain sense,
these things are
more than three-dimensional.
They're actually
multidimensional realities
that can take you into higher
levels of consciousness.
And as we do that,
we are actually
starting to see
and feel ourselves
going into higher realities.
Don't put wings on your arms,
put wings above your head.
>>STEINFELD: So just look
at that for a second,
and just settle into
your body, and start
to feel that kind of
energy coming up out of us,
coming up outside, and kind of
ascending our physical body,
and kind of pulling
us out a little bit.
>>JJ HURTAK: What
is happening is
we are realizing we
have a higher body,
an over self body
that is expanding
through sacred geometry.
The wings or the
paraphysical dimensions
are going into a
biocoupling with the sound
and with the thought
forms that we are
generating as cosmic beings.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So this
is who you truly are.
So see yourself in that pyramid
state and in meditation.
And also, feel the energy
coming through not only
your seventh chakra, but also
your heart chakra and all
the alignments.
>>STEINFELD: Feel your
feet on the ground,
but feel yourself being lifted.
So you span the dimensions-- you
span into those other realities
as you're being lifted
to higher consciousness.
>>JJ HURTAK: See your body in
terms of a biological pyramid,
with the circulatory
system from the upper part,
down through your lower
anatomy, and then up your spine
going into the higher
spiritual anatomy.
>>STEINFELD: This is the
activation of your Merkabah.
We all have Merkabahs that
have yet to be activated.
JJ somehow got that trigger
happening, and he was taken.
When that all clicks in,
boom, you're out of here.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So until you make
your unconscious conscious,
it will direct your life,
and you will call it fate.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
So our destiny is to
become conscious beings
with conscious control over
these higher ascending bodies.
So if you put your intention
on this conscious evolution,
this physical evolution,
that becomes your fate.
That's the intention.
>>JJ HURTAK: So these are some
of the attention cosmograms
or cosmic pictures that
came out of our experience.
I'm speaking of the
Cosmic Christ at the top.
The sacred language patterns
of the return of the dove,
the symbol of divine
communication,
and also the energy
grid of Mother Earth,
showing these energy
areas of sacred geometry
that deal with electromagnetic
variation or variance
open up to allow the cosmic
forces to come in momentarily
and show themselves.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
So really, it's
higher contact with the
divine worlds of soul spirit
that we're really talking about
and with the lords of light.
>>STEINFELD: You see,
we already have that.
We're just unconscious to it.
That's the idea.
So if we can consciously go
there to these higher realms
to start to make
that divine contact,
that becomes our true destiny.
That's the language
of the universe.
>>JJ HURTAK: We're seeing
at the bottom of the screen
also the dolphins.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah, OK.
>>JJ HURTAK: And we
move on to an experience
that I had in 2000 in Mexico
near an archeological area
of ancient pyramids.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Called Tulum.
>>JJ HURTAK: Tulum.
And I was chanting
the names of God
in ancient Aramaic,
Hebrew, Greek, and Coptic,
and suddenly a light
manifested around my body.
My translator was thrown
back by the intensity
of the light that manifested.
And a colleague who
was taking a picture
of his wife in
the foreground was
able to capture that
in a millisecond.
This light experience
of superluminal light
is possible for each one
of us, but the preparation
has to be sacred, shall we
say, giving the once off
to help humanity
through education,
through sacred science, as
well as through sacred art.
And in that sense, we
become the renaissance
of the new culture
that will come,
I believe, out of
cosmic contact.
>>STEINFELD: Go back to one--
did you feel the light essence?
>>JJ HURTAK: I felt energy
rush through my body,
>>STEINFELD: Uh-huh.
>>JJ HURTAK: I felt,
as it were, up and down
the spine, something
greater than the Kundalini
experience, where light
was able to, shall we say,
be on the top of my head for
a few seconds afterwards,
and people felt
their bodies tingle.
It was interesting, though,
that this took place
where the pyramids were.
And again, I was shown in
1973 that the pyramidal grids
throughout the world were the
original contract places that
were left behind
for us to experience
in our evolutionary process.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
So we all are capable of this.
This is what I'm saying
in this next illustration.
We come in with this
vast imagination,
this vast creative potential.
And by the time
we're five years old,
we're taught A-B-C,
1, 2, 3, and our mind
is put into these very little
boxes that stuff everything--
our creative potentials, our
love, our transformation.
Because this is who we are.
We are not these little boxes.
So we're here to graduate
to these higher realms.
It's sad that people
think they're in this box,
and you're not.
>>JJ HURTAK: So
this is the marriage
between the human
self and the higher
or overself coming together.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And actually, we
feel that we actually
come from a light essence,
and then we manifest down
in the physical form.
I know many of you feel you
are just simply visiting
this planet by living in
this body, and that's real.
Because once you leave the
physical body-- and the body
is important, right now.
Don't get me wrong.
We all need to keep it, and keep
it well, and keep it healthy,
because it allows us to
do what we need to do.
But ultimately,
our essence is what
we would call the higher
overself or our higher light
presence.
>>STEINFELD: And here we are.
So we're the lower self
and the higher self.
Actually, the Hurtaks
wrote a book called
"The Overself Awakening."
And this is an
illustration of how we
can be in multiple dimensions.
Even though we think we're
just sitting in that chair,
if you use your mind
and your imagination,
we can transcend
this in a moment.
>>JJ HURTAK: So the bottom line
is, we are multidimensional,
nonlocal beings.
>>STEINFELD: Right.
>>JJ HURTAK: Waking up in a
vast and awesome universe,
recognizing our
planet is just one
of many centers of consciousness
and spiritual growth.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And so let
us go through the doorway--
the cosmic doorway.
We're going to do a meditation
in about three minutes.
>>STEINFELD: That doorway
is right inside you.
Right inside that brain of
yours is an infinite doorway
into the unknown.
Really, it's there for everyone.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
when we do a meditation,
we actually like to do
some chanting with it.
So we'll kind of lead you.
If you'd like to
join us, please do,
because it helps to
evolve our consciousness
and our understanding and just,
like, get us out of the box,
as Alan was showing us.
In fact, Alan's very big on
moving through the doorway
and getting into a new reality.
>>STEINFELD: Oh, this is a
little thing where you actually
are capable-- this is
woodcut from the 1700s.
This guy sticks his head
through one level of reality,
into another level of reality,
which is all around us.
Really, people have these
awakening experiences.
JJ's made a whole career out of
this experiences he had in 1973
that changed his life and the
life of so many other people.
So we're all capable of
transforming our reality
and becoming great beings--
great evolved beings.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And I
like to see it by this.
I took Blake's picture
and actually made
it multiple realities,
because that's who we are.
We're actually not
even limited to here.
We're only limited to here
when our mind tells us
we're limited.
When we open that threshold,
walk through the door,
we're seeing the many
realities of ourselves
and of other beings.
I think that's really important.
>>STEINFELD: So we want to
go beyond our conditioning.
That's what we're going
to do in this meditation.
We're going to go beyond
everything we think we know
and let the infinite pour
into our crown chakras.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But it's
important to also always
remember, it's to send energy,
light, and love to the planet.
>>JJ HURTAK: The
return of dove--
the return of the sign of peace
is coming over Mother Earth.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: To your
family, to your friends--
and you don't even have to
be sitting next to them.
I know many of the
healers understand this,
you don't have to
be even touching.
You can send energy from afar.
That energy is also received.
So there's not
only remote viewing
but there's also remote healing,
and we can do it from anywhere.
>>JJ HURTAK: We
know also disasters
are also taking place.
So there's an upward spiral
and a downward spiral,
and we have the decision or
choice to go, if we wish,
with the upward spiral.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Now, we're going
to ask Michael
Dowden to come up.
He's going to lead us
in the keyboards as kind
of a live music meditation.
And it'll just take a
moment to get that started.
Alan, why don't you come
be in front of this.
>>STEINFELD: OK.
Well, we are energy beings.
So get comfortable
in your chair.
You could look at the screen,
and we'll be showing videos,
or you can just have your
own inner experience.
>>JJ HURTAK: Feel the dove
hovering over your head
as you go deep within yourself.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Begin to feel the
eyes behind your eyes,
the heart behind your heart.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And feel the presence
of the extraterrestrials and
the ultraterrestrial beings.
>>JJ HURTAK: We
see a description
and actually a
painting made by one
of the ultraterrestrial
visitors.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
there's no limitations.
There's no physical form.
There's just the body form.
>>STEINFELD: They
are here with you.
They're here to
assist us, to lift us.
Feel their presence.
Imagine-- imagine as if
they're here helping.
>>JJ HURTAK: More
often than not a symbol
will be on the forehand,
a sacred name of God.
>>STEINFELD: The light essence
is pouring through them to us.
>>JJ HURTAK: The divine feminine
would be felt and is feel.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Feel the love also
of the face, almost the smile
that is there, the loving
eyes, the higher consciousness.
And now, put your face
into that higher face.
>>JJ HURTAK: Feel
yourself as a co-creator.
Feel yourself uplifting
the consciousness
from a culture of violence
into a culture of peace.
>>STEINFELD: Merging--
merging with those beings.
They are you.
They are emanating their
light essence through you.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And feel the grid
points, not only
around the planet,
but the grid points in your
body, like the 12 chi meridians
or the 12 vortex
points on the planet.
And realize it radiates also
to the stellar dimensions.
>>STEINFELD: Feel those chakras
from the bottom of your feet
opening to the earth energies,
as it comes up your body,
through the lower
chakras, to the heard.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And so
let us try this mantra.
[CHANTING]
>>JJ HURTAK: Uriel Ain Soph.
>>ALL: Uriel Ain Soph.
Uriel Ain Soph.
>>JJ HURTAK: The angel of
light, the divine feminine,
the awakening within our heart
all brings forth the new human.
The male and the
female converge,
the east and west converge,
the higher understanding
of the Christ
nature comes forth.
>>STEINFELD: The
frequency of sound
is the frequency of light.
The ancient words connect us to
the ancient self that we are.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Feel the love.
Why don't we take a moment
and put our hands together
over our hearts and send the
love out to all of humanity,
to whomever you're thinking of
right now that needs your love.
>>STEINFELD: Project
a beam coming
from the center of your
chest, out to the loved ones,
out to the planet
that needs your love.
Send it out from
the center of you.
>>JJ HURTAK: As your vision
scans over Mother Earth,
see the light of the cities,
but also your light being ported
from above and your
higher awakening--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
realize your light
can go everywhere and anywhere.
>>STEINFELD: You are
the eternal light.
Beam it out from your
eternal presence--
out to the universe, out
to those that need, out
to those that need your light.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Let us have
that overview effect of how
we see this small planet
in the midst of the realms
of multiple stars, many
universes, the trillions
and trillions of
stars that exist.
But we have an affection
and a love for this planet.
>>STEINFELD: And you-- you,
the center of that cosmos--
is emanating the light,
becoming the light,
and transmuting the light.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And now, get ready,
because we will soar
into the cosmos,
as we go beyond the
earthly dimensions.
The thin atmosphere that
keeps us here on planet Earth
is soon now transformed
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>JJ HURTAK: To a jewel light,
and to a whole cosmology
of consciousness awakening,
to the man-god, woman-god
partnership that we
are here to partake in,
to be the higher path for
those who wish the higher path.
Remembering that even though
some aspects of the old
shall perish or go
down, the Merkabah.
goes up as the soul goes
up into new resonance,
into new harmonics.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And so let us
try the vibration of Quan Yin.
>>ALL: Quan Yin.
Quan Yin.
>>JJ HURTAK: The female nature
as it was known into the east,
as well as the
vibrations of her name
as Sophia, Shekinah,
[INAUDIBLE],,
brings higher resonance
forth with a compassion
that is missing in
the realm of science.
>>STEINFELD: The
goddess of compassion
has compassion on our
planet, on ourselves.
And we send that compassion
out to those who need it,
out to those realms
beyond this earth.
>>JJ HURTAK: And In so doing,
it incubates a sacred science
that we are living totality of
holism, that we are connected
in one unity with the Adam.
And we are all part of
the cellular structure
of this living experience
of the language of life.
>>STEINFELD: And
the divine feminine
is here, with its
presence, to love us
into the infitude of our beings.
We call on those beings.
We call the grains.
Sophia, Shekinah, Saraswati.
>>ALL: Sophia,
Shekinah, Saraswati.
Sophia, Shekinah, Saraswati.
Sophia Shekinah--
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And we know
the universe is giving birth
to life at all times.
And this is part of the
divine birth and rebirth
that we are now experiencing.
No matter where we go in
space, there is new creations.
No matter where we go within
us, there is new thought.
>>STEINFELD: Out of the body of
the goddess, we are born anew,
we are born fresh.
Our vibrations are uplifted, and
we have manifested a new state.
>>JJ HURTAK: And we graduated
from Homo sapien sapien
to Homo universalis.
Universal intelligence,
having the freedom
to circumnavigate the cosmic
others of the greater family
that we are part of,
realizing that the keys
of Enoch and other
sacred scriptures
speak of the living Christ,
the infinite way that
meets with the finite, the
evolution of the divine that
meets a new form
with the finite.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And we have
to realize we are never alone.
We are not alone
in the universe.
We are not alone in
the divine cosmos.
We are interconnected.
>>STEINFELD: So release the
identity of who you think you
are--
your name, your religion,
your race, your ethnicity.
Release all that, because
you are in the infitude.
You are not limited.
You're beyond the body
sitting in that chair.
You are the great cosmos.
You are the great being.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And go
through the black hole
and discover the white hole
that sends out energy radiations
and portals that allow
us to go from one
universe to another
universe without limitation.
Even if we don't do it
in our physical form,
know you can do it in your
consciousness linkage,
because we are all one.
>>STEINFELD: Imagine yourself
going through that black hole,
from one universe into another,
where thought is different,
where consciousness is shifted,
where reality is uplifted.
>>JJ HURTAK: And there we
find the whole light beings,
those who come to show us
the greater plan of creation
that we are part of.
And thus we put on
bodies of vibration,
and thus we embrace a
greater cosmic tree of life,
and thus we welcome
the way-showers
in the greater universe.
The umbilical cord
with Mother Earth
changes, and the mothering of
a greater life comes forth.
>>STEINFELD: Let
the sound take you.
Let the sound transport
you to those realms.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And now
we see the jewel crystal
that vibrates and resonates
from our heart chakra.
There is no
limitation, and we are
moving throughout the cosmos.
And we reflect
each other, and we
reflect ourselves outward
into the greater creation.
>>JJ HURTAK: Divine Father,
Divine Mother, Eternal Christ,
work within us the greater
resonance of garments
of new creation that we put on.
Place within our inner vision
the aspects of the infinite way
that we are connected with,
which in turn connects us
with the infinite
speciehood of lifeforms
that we are about to experience
as our planetary humanity goes
through its greatest
change in recorded history,
becoming the divine family.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And so let us say
the expression connected with
the unity of soul and spirit.
I will say it in Hebrew.
And it is [HEBREW SPEECH]
>>ALL: [HEBREW CHANTING]
>>JJ HURTAK: The marriage of
the soul with the Spirit realm--
Spirit, capital S, meaning
an actual field of energy--
between the physical
universe and that which
is the transconsciousness.
>>STEINFELD: The ancient
syllables transport us.
They transport us
to those realms
an ancient consciousness.
They ignite the new thoughts,
the new feelings in us
that have been buried
and laying dormant.
They awaken the
ancient vibration.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Now
you're ready to go, again,
through the stargate,
to penetrate
the many dimensional
layers, to enter
into new realms of
creativity and oneness,
with those connected
with the Buddha figure,
or those connected
with the Christ figure,
or those connected with
the cosmic beings of light.
>>STEINFELD: And we call on
these cosmic beings of light
by saying
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>ALL: [NON-ENGLISH CHANTING]
>>JJ HURTAK: And they in
turn work with Michael,
with Metatron, and
Melchizedek Melchisedech,
the archangelic realm
behind the avatars who
are behind the humans in terms
of the great and glorious
family, of a living universe
calling us Into the dance
of life.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
DESIREE HURTAK:
And now, see the rebirth,
the pouring forth of a flower
of life, brought forth for
new creation that also awakens
our heart chakra, so that
our heart can now go out
in freeness and in love to
all the universe and share
in the cosmic dimensions.
>>STEINFELD: Those great
avatars come to us.
They're a part of us.
They infused their
essence in to us.
Feel your crown chakra open
as light pours into you.
The divine matrix is
encoded within your DNA.
>>JJ HURTAK: Cell by cell
molecule by molecule thought
form by thought form, ultimately
we experience the harbinger
of the [NON-ENGLISH],, the
divine mind behind all avatars,
all archangelic beings.
We realize the divine is
alive, and the Christ logos,
the Christ words, is
more than the words,
it is an actual life of the
light within and without.
The co-creation that gives us
the seal of the immortal way,
the seal of the infinite way.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Let us take
a moment of peace and silence.
>>STEINFELD: Feel
the vibrations.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Feel the awakening.
>>STEINFELD: Feel the
essence of that sound,
as you become the sound.
>>JJ HURTAK: We go
beyond all symbols
and realize,
ultimately, we are one
with the light, no longer
an abstract symbol,
but the real light that lives
of the Godhead that lives,
of the life force
that is now working
with every part of our
body, mind, and spirit,
as trinity beings.
>>STEINFELD: You
are the frequency.
You're not hearing
it, it is you.
You are the
vibrational signature.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And you
were the spark of light.
And now--
>>JJ HURTAK: And you are
the whole light being.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
--behold yourself
as part of the swirling
galaxies of light and life.
>>STEINFELD: And pull that
swirling galaxy right into you,
as you become part of the
cosmos, the eternal cosmos.
>>JJ HURTAK: And let the
eyes behind your eyes,
the heart behind your
heart, and the energy
fields of the divine
or Holy Spirit
bring you into a
new realization.
All shall pass away and a new
unity, a bride and bridegroom
shall appear, between the
science and the spiritual,
between the male and the female,
between the human evolution
and the higher evolution.
A new reality has
come with the dove--
the perfect love,
the perfect wisdom,
and the perfect
and dwelling peace.
>>STEINFELD: The hieros gamos--
the divine marriage
is formed in you.
The spirit and the body
are merged as your essencem
as your being.
>>JJ HURTAK:
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],, bless,
sanctify, and open the
geometries of our physical
creation that we may indeed
continue our work as cosmic
citizens in your universe,
which is also a university
of your divine spirit,
your Holy Spirit.
>>STEINFELD: You are
that Holy Spirit.
You are the frequency
of light and sound.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And now behold
who you are, as light vessels,
light beams.
And feel that essence of the
light within your presence.
Hold that essence of light.
We can maintain
the physical form
for another 50 to 75
years, but we are always
light bodies of energy.
>>STEINFELD: Feel
the transformation.
Feel the new entity
arising you as you--
the new being that
leaves this room
different than who it came in--
the Awakened One, the Christos.
>>JJ HURTAK: And thus we see
the temple of the Holy Spirit is
the temple of understanding,
the temple of the Holy Spirit,
connecting all sacred geometries
of Mother Earth with the divine
mother, the temple of the Holy
Spirit connecting the cosmic
Christ with Jesus the
historic, [NON-ENGLISH],,
who showed the way of love,
even for the Samaritan woman.
>>ALL: [NON-ENGLISH CHANTING]
>>STEINFELD: We call the great
[NON-ENGLISH] to us, as us.
>>JJ HURTAK: And now, may the
infinite mind [NON-ENGLISH],,
the great creator, as it
was known to the prophets,
the infinite way
to [NON-ENGLISH],,
as it was known to the apostles,
and the infinite humanity,
Christed, uplifted,
anointed, manifest,
the coming of a new reality
of the kingdom of glory,
which is at hand.
>>STEINFELD: And we say--
- Amen, amen.
Amen, and amen.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
[MUSIC ENDS]
>>JJ HURTAK: We want
to thank all of you,
our great musician--
>>STEINFELD: Michael.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Michael Dowden.
[APPLAUSE]
>>STEINFELD: Thank you.
And stay in this
transformational field
we just entered.
It was a portal of initiation
we just went through.
So you might feel
a little altered.
Which is great, because you've
kind of transformed then.
So thank you all for
being here with us today
to transform reality.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]